Just the idea about football, just a line or two,
just a heck of a lot. All right, as you look back at
A&M now, what parts of A&M are dearest to your
heart, that you are most concerned about, care
most about? Well, I think they've done everything
that I would expect to be done by this time.
Athletics has just gone beyond my experience. But
if somebody were to try to persuade you to make a
gift to anything, what would be the area that...
Well, I'd do the scholarships, academics,
without... I think there's Gloria Mammaliga was
over here the other day, and... She's got a little
fund down there for anal, I guess, through health
and physical education. Would you restrict it to a
certain academic area major? Not necessarily.
Okay. All right. Because I feel like that's a
well-run, at least my experience through the
class agency all those years, it's a well-run.
It's big now, but, you know, our class is down
probably around 1,000, 1,100 in the, You know, you
knew those guys, and you know them today, and those
are the wonderful things that we have. But my
combat unit, we get together every summer, and
that is really, you know, it's a family, extended
family. Sure. All right, let's quit then with your
favorite Aggie stories. Can you share with me one
that would be kind of melancholic? I'd have to
think about those. And do you have a fun one that you
enjoy telling? I just about do. Do you have any
other one than that one you told? I'd have to think
about it because that in that story I told you about
Mr. Heaton and Mr. Rudder, Coach Myers to me,
because that really was, you just don't realize
how good that was. All right, then let's quit, and I
thank you very much.